[Music]
eight awesome tricks from school a still
work some common tricks are so useful
and simple they can come in handy to
more than one generation however over
time is somehow forgotten and they turn
into it's called grandma's tips we
decided to recall the past and collected
eight great treads from childhood which
everyone forgot eight determine the time
lap before sunset do you know how to
determine time without a clock keep your
fingers together and reach your hand out
so that the Sun live on your index
finger now count the number of fingers
on the horizon line each of the fingers
represents approximately 15 minutes
until sunset 7 know if the moon is
waxing or waning to determine the moon
phase easily use the shape of the
letters D o and C the full moon is o the
first quarter is d and the third is C in
other words the letter C will mean
waning and the letter D waxing
six no the degrees of an angle spread
your fingers as much as possible and put
your palm on a surface the angle of
which you want to measure the little
finger should lie on the bottom side it
means zero degrees the angle between the
thumb and the little finger will be 90
degrees the angle between the little
finger and other fingers are
respectively 30 degrees 45 degrees and
60 degrees five memory trick to remember
Roman numerals you can use this phrase
my dear cat love extra vitamins
intensely the first letters of the words
represent the Roman numerals and
descending order em a thousand D 500 C
100 L 50 X 10 B 5 and I 1 for check
battery quality
[Music]
it's easy to tell a good battery from a
bad one raise two batteries 0.5 inches
above a table and let them fall the
battery that bounces and falls is empty
[Music]
3 multiplication on fingers usually we
quickly remember the multiplication of
small numbers but sometimes we have
difficulties with the number 6 7 8 & 9
here are 2 simple tricks number 1 turn
your palms to your face number each
finger starting with the little finger 2
6 to 10 now for example to multiply 7 by
8 connect finger number 7 on the left
hand the finger number 8 on the right
the number of fingers at the bottom
counselling along with the connected 1
means 10 and give 5 of them and so the
finger is located at the top you need to
multiply them among themselves they mean
units in our case multiply 3 by to
answer is 7 times 8 equals 56 this way
you can quickly multiply by 6 7 & 8
number 2 2 x 9 straighten your fingers
and put their hands on a table with your
palms down to multiply any number by 9
just bend the corresponding fingers
fingers before means 10 faster units for
example to multiply 7 by 9 then the
seventh finger sweeps fingers remain
before and 3 after we get the answer 7
times 9 equals 63 easy right
[Music]
to play if you need to measure an object
approximately but there's no ruler at
hand you can use the fingers of one hand
by the average human proportions the
distance between the tip of the thumb
and forefinger is about 7 inches or 18
centimeters and the distance between the
thumb and little finger is about 7 point
8 7 inches or 20 centimeters of course
this method isn't absolutely accurate
because each of us has a different hand
size yet it can be useful if you need to
measure a large object with a small
ruler just measure the distance between
your fingers and event 1 know the number
of days in a month make a fist and start
counting the mugs by knuckles each
knuckle bump and gap is a separate month
if you count on one cam then after
reaching the end start again with the
knuckles of the index finger let's see
January February March April May June
July now the right hand August September
October November and December
if the month is on the knuckle bump
there are 31 days if it's on the gap 30
or less so what do you think about these
simple tips you know any other brilliant
trick share your thoughts in the
comments below don't forget that hit a
like button below and click subscribe to
stay on the bright side of life
[Music]